Hey how's it going Dave 2d here and this
is the Asus GL 5:03 so this is a laptop
that's equipped with gtx 1050
it's unlike the lower tier in terms of
gaming laptops but it's relatively
inexpensive it's built quite well and
this is something that asus has brought
into the market to just be a little bit
different from every other gaming laptop
so the first thing I noticed when I pick
this thing up is that the design
language on this laptop is a little bit
different from what they've gone for in
the past
normally the rog line is very much black
and red I think that Asus is like one of
the original companies that did the
whole black and red gamer thing I feel
like this is like the transition phase I
feel like the I feel like we're on the
edge next year I really think that we
will not be seeing as many black and red
laptops as we've been seeing this year
in the gaming industry so this thing has
no external red accents there's some red
in the exhaust vent and the ROG logo
lights up red but that's it everything
else is black even the keyboard lights
are configurable to whatever color that
you want it has a metal top surface and
the design of this is actually very
similar to the Asus
GX 5 0 1 which is like their flagship
laptop and it's kind of weird to see the
same kind of design language on a laptop
that's significantly cheaper so this
thing starts at around $1000 and the
build quality is quite good the hinge is
good the paneling feels solid all around
and overall it's a well-built laptop now
the bottom panel does not remove readily
so there's like an access panel that you
can remove to access the RAM the hard
drive and the SSD if you want to put one
in but the rest of the bottom panel is
very difficult to remove I tried for a
little bit and I couldn't get it to come
off so if you need to kind of clean out
the fans or access anything else like
maybe the Wi-Fi card in there I'm sure
it's doable but I didn't want to break
the review unit it's a little bit
tougher than your average
gaming laptop if you'll notice there's
only one RAM slot the good thing is that
it already comes with 16 gigs so if you
want to upgrade it up to 32 you just
need to buy a single stick of 16 and pop
it in the port selection on this thing
is pretty good you get one use PC it's
not Thunderbolt 3 though you get four
USB threes a couple of display outputs
and Ethernet and an SD card slot the
audio jack that's on here is one of
those combined 1 so it has headphone and
earphone at the same time so you might
like that you might not I personally
prefer this
when you crack it open you get a great
keyboard the layout is nice it's got a
number pad and everything so you got
that leftward shift but the keyboard
feels very nice to type on the
keystrokes are a little bit softer than
some gaming laptop but I think most
people will like this thing pretty
quickly one feature I do like are the
audio keys up top so you get volume
up/down and mute and it just makes it a
little bit easier to control your sound
in game the fourth button is the ROG
button and it launches the asus rog app
for performance stats fan control and
other things like that the other app
that asus has is the ROG Aurora core and
this is the app that lets you switch the
colors on the keyboard so there's four
different zones any constriction to
whatever color you want the trackpad
down here is nice it's smooth it's
plastic and it uses Windows precision
drivers which in 2017 that's what you
want you want a Windows precision driver
based and trackpad because everything
else is not as good the button mechanism
is okay it's good it's just not perfect
there's a little bit of play before it
actually depresses as I click it does
feel good though overall the speakers
are about average for a thousand dollar
gaming laptop they're not bad or
anything they're just not amazing they
get reasonably loud but they're not
particularly clear the screen is where I
feel like this laptop shines so a lot of
times when you spend a thousand dollars
for a gaming laptop you're gonna get
some better performance but you're gonna
get some not great displays this display
panel is quite good color accurate
bright and it just feels like a high
quality display now there are variants
with 120 Hertz and other types of panels
but even the standard panel looks really
good so if you want to do some color
accurate work or video edits this is a
great screen to do it with for the
people interested this is what the
webcam looks like can I guess this is
what the mic sounds like the image looks
a little dark I mean it's a little bit
underexposed the resolution is there but
underexposed performance on this machine
is going to vary depending on how you
configure it this one is running a gtx
1050 you can get a gtx 1060 for it but
for the 1050 model it performs as you
would expect I ran some light and
moderately demanding games and because
it's a 1050 you know I kind of get
blistering performance but it's not bad
and the thermal output on this thing is
easily handled with the cooling system
but if you configure yours with the GTX
1060 performance will be better but it
will run hotter
the fan was on this laptop was louder
than I thought it'd be
it's a gtx 10:50 right so i was hoping
for it to be a little bit quieter but
this is just how thinner gaming laptops
are the good thing though is that it is
able to maintain comfortable
temperatures when you're playing games
so with the asus GL 5:03 you're getting
a laptop that starts at around $1,000
you're getting great build quality and
very little red accents the screen is
great it's only 1080p but you're getting
great color accuracy and good brightness
the keyboard is comfortable to use and
you get four color zones to customise
the trackpad is accurate and uses
Windows precision drivers on the inside
the GTX 1050 and the KB Lake CPU are
good performers and are properly cooled
the RAM and the two Drive slots are
upgradable and down over here the 64
watt hour battery gets around five hours
of battery life depending on what you do
I ran my tests with the screen at 250
minutes so who is this laptop for it
because this thing starts at around a
thousand dollars you can get gaming
laptops with this kind of performance
for around $800 granted the extra money
in this thing it goes towards better
build quality and a significantly better
screen so if that's what you're looking
for check this thing out I really like
this one okay hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs be liked it subs if you
loved it see you guys next time
and this thing's not black and red I
mean that's worth $1000 by itself